Previously
on "The Cleaning Lady"...
[ Gunshot ]
If we sell street drugs --
I'm a doctor,
not a drug dealer.
We can't keep working
for Kamdar.
You have a black eye.
So if Cortés is hurting you --
You going to save me
from my abusive boyfriend?
Get over yourself.
Maya Campbell.
That's Cortés girlfriend.
And we'll talk.
About me being on the case.
Not what I said.
Yeah.
Pull over.
Really?
Let us go.
I will inform for you again.
If you get Kamdar,
you can get Cortés.
You can save Maya.
[ Motorcycle engine revs ]
[ Lock clicks ]
Hey. Where have you
been, Thony?
Where have --
What is it?
[ Sighs ]
I helped Arman move
some drugs on the street.
I wasn't going to do this, Fi,
but he was in trouble.
And --
And now you are?
Yeah.
Garrett caught us.
Crap.
He threatened to deport me
unless I inform for him again.
They could take
Luca away from me.
I mean, do you really think
Garrett would do that to you?
I don't know.
I mean, I've managed to make
a deal with him,
but what if we can't
make it work?
[ Knocking on door ]
Hi, Thony, Fiona.
It's good to see you both again.
Detective Flores,
what brings you here so late?
Mind if I come in?
Um...
Y-Yeah, of course.
I just wanted to
let you know
that we have some new
information in Marco's case.
The manager of the motel
where Marco died
has been missing
for over a week now.
Oh.
Well, I'm really sorry,
but what does it have
to do with Marco?
His name is Jon Price,
and we're treating him
as a person of interest
in Marco's death.
Y-You think
he killed him?
Well, we don't think his
disappearance is a coincidence.
If Jon Price had anything to do
with Marco's death,
he may have run be
he was afraid of getting caught.
We are broadening
our search,
interviewing anyone
that's been
in or out of the motel
for the past few weeks.
Fiona:
How do you do that?
The motel keeps records
of people who stayed there?
Yes, and we've been
through those.
But we also searched
Jon Price's apartment
and found some
personal videos.
Apparently, he's been making
secret recordings at the motel.
Uh, videos, seriously?
D-Did you come
across these videos before?
Well, when we asked for
security footage that night,
Jon never handed
anything over.
Now we know why.
We're still going through
the footage of what we found,
but what we've seen
is pretty damning.
There is a possibility that if
Marco had an altercation
that night,
it may have been recorded.
I-I know this is a lot.
I just want to let you know
that we are not giving up.
We will find out
how your loved one died.
Thank you.
♪♪
So, what, we're just
gonna let this guy
who has nothing to do
with it go down for murder?
T-That won't happen.
You don't know that.
Just --
Chris, even if
they find him,
they can't prove he did it,
because he didn't.
Okay, but she said they're
still going through videos.
What if they
see what happened?
They'll know I did it!
Fiona: Just keep your
voice down.
Why are you not freaking out
right now, Mom?!
T-They're gonna find me!
I won't --
I won't let that happen.
Okay?
How? By taking
the fall for me?
No. No!
That's not happening!
What if the cops
do find the body?
We'll all go down.
[ Whispering ]
No, they won't find it, Fi.
Arman made sure of it.
[ Motorcycle revving ]
[ Engine stops ]
What the hell?
Nadia: Look who decided
to come home.
Now, get your things and go!
Nadia, what the hell
are you doing?!
What the hell
I am doing what I should have
done the first time
I laid eyes on you
with your cleaning lady.
Hey, there's nothing going
on between Thony and me!
[ Speaking Spanish ]
You know that.
I saw you.
Riding off on your motorcycle
with her arms
wrapped around her hero.
Nadia, you're the one who asked
me to sell those meds
on the street.
That's exactly
what we were doing!
Oh, shut up, liar!
We did it.
You'll take any excuse
to be with her.
We made good money for us!
Stop treating me like
I'm a stupid little girl.
You humiliated me over
and over again!
I'm not blind.
I can see what's between you
and her, and I'm done!
Okay, okay, Nadia,
cariño, cariño.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Are you serious?
What the hell is this?!
Nadia, we gave this ring
to Kamdar to pay off the loan.
Yes, and he
gave it back.
Are you sleeping with him?!
Is that what's going on?
Oh, my -- Oh, my God.
You are the one
who's been
unfaithful to me.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Kamdar is a threat to us,
and you know that!
There is is no more "us"!
And it's not
because of Robert.
It's because of you.
Ah.
Good morning.
So, I assume you spent
the night cooking up a plan.
And if not, well,
you're both going behind bars.
Arman: That's not happening.
We have a plan.
Alright, so, tell me.
How are we gonna nail
Cortés using Robert Kamdar?
Cortés had issues moving
product across the border.
We won't.
We can convince Kamdar
to introduce us
to this distributor
and sell our drugs.
That's how we get in
with Cortés.
So you build up
their trust,
set up a sting,
take them both down.
No, no, not quite.
No, Kamdar's too smart
to put himself
in a risky situation
like that.
He'll never
show up at a deal.
First, we get Cortés, then we
get him to turn on Kamdar.
Okay, so once Cortés
is facing 30 to life,
he'll turn on Kamdar
in a heartbeat.
Thony: Yeah.
Alright,
then make it happen,
or you two
are the ones going down.
[ Car door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
Your breakfast
is getting cold, Chris.
[ Knock on door ]
I got it.
Don't you want cereal
or something?
[ Door closes ]
JD: Guess you could work
on those jumpers now.
Yeah.
Hi. What are you
doing here, JD?
Our daughter made it sound
like a Shakespearean tragedy
is she didn't get
this ball back today.
It's my lucky ball.
You have lucky socks
that you never wash,
not a lucky ball.
Okay, fine.
I got us here together
because I have something to say.
[ Ball bounces ]
I know what's going on
with Chris.
What?
And I know you've been trying
to keep it from me.
That's enough, Jaz.
But I figured it out, Mom.
I know how we can fix it.
Now that Dad's back in town,
you guys can get married.
What?
Well, I know you're not in love
or anything,
but this way, you and Chris
won't have to worry about being
TNTs anymore.
Uh...
Uh, I think
my girlfriend
might have something
to say about that.
You didn't tell me
you had a girlfriend.
Hey, give your
dad a break.
He's been back
for like five minutes.
Fine, fine.
Uh, how about this?
What if Dad just
adopts Chris?
That would at least solve
his immigration issues.
Just stop.
Please, just...
What?
He can't do that.
Why not?
It -- It doesn't
work that way.
I'm trying to help.
Don't you want to protect him?
It's not that simple.
People do it all the time.
It's just -- It's just not
gonna help, alright?
So just drop it.
Uh...
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
What's this?
Consider this the
first installment
against the money
I owe you.
You said you were out of
the gun business for good.
Yeah, I am.
Four more payments like this
one, and we're done.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
♪♪
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Good morning.
Good morning, Robert.
What can I do for you?
When you came to me
needing over
a million and a half dollars
the same day to get
your husband out of jail,
I came through for you
because of our history.
I did you that favor.
Yes, and I appreciate
that.
I was under the impression
we'd built a new bond
of trust between us.
What are you
getting at, Robert?
You and your husband --
this side business
you're been operating.
You deliberately
kept this from me
until your husband brought
in a fifth of his debt.
So, Arman's been keeping you
in the dark, as well.
I think we both deserve
some clarity.
Don't you?
I got it.
Thanks.
Uh, I couldn't
help but notice
some of your
things in there.
If you want, we have a bed
at the back of the clinic.
If you want.
Thank you. I'm okay.
You go inside.
Well, well, well.
What do we have here?
♪♪
It's an impressive
side hustle.
That's exactly
what it is.
Just trying
to pay off my loan.
Don't be angry with her.
I made her tell me
what you were up to.
You should have offered to cut
me in on your drug business.
They're not
street drugs.
They're pharmaceuticals.
And what does a cleaning lady
know about pharmaceuticals?
I was a surgeon
in the Philippines.
Alright, then, Doctor,
how does it work?
We buy the meds in Mexico,
where they're cheap to make,
and we sell them
here for a lot less
than what
they would cost.
Tell you what.
Because of our shared history,
and because turning peanuts
into profit is what I do best,
I'm willing
to ignore the slight.
But as payment, I require
a piece of this business.
No.
No, no, no.
30% seems reasonable,
considering.
Even if we were willing
to make this deal, we can't.
We lost our distributor.
We can't move the product
till we find a new one,
and we don't know
when that's gonna be.
I have a distributor
who's indebted to me.
I'm not doing business
with just anyone.
It's Julian Cortés.
He's the biggest
drug broker in Vegas.
If I can vouch for him, that's
all the assurance you need.
I'll make
the introduction,
and in return,
you'll give me 30%,
and you will no longer
be under my service.
20%.
I'm sure you take a cut
out of Cortés' profits, too.
That's the American way.
And Nadia doesn't have to work
for you anymore.
Of course.
You're free
to do as you please.
Shall we?
[ Engine starts ]
You didn't tell
Nadia the plan?
No.
That's why it worked.
[ Vehicle departs ]
I'm gonna call Garrett.
Tell him we have
a meeting with Cortés.
Thony, Cortés is
a dangerous man.
Now that we have an in,
I can have the meet
with him alone.
No, I'm coming, too.
If you have any questions
about the meds,
I'll be able
to answer them.
Alright, call Garrett
and tell him we need
money for the drugs.
The Fed won't know
how much we charge
Cortés for them, will they?
So, after the sale, we skim
some off the top for ourselves.
And for my clinic.
Something good has to come
out of this.
[ Dialing ]
[ Line ringing ]
Yeah, it's me.
Quarter of a mil in government
funds to pay for this bust.
You boys better
pray this works.
I'm an atheist.
Sorry, Russo,
he's an atheist.
Eyes on the cash
at all times.
This can't go sideways.
You've got nothing to
worry about, boss.
We've got this.
Not so fast, Miller.
Yes?
Maya's met Thony.
If they run into each other,
your whole sting goes to hell.
How do you make sure
Maya won't be with
Cortés during the meet?
I got a couple CIs
in Henderson
who are gonna make a few
big purchases tomorrow
to keep her busy.
Maya won't be anywhere
near Cortés.
Great.
Walk with me.
I figured you
got it handled,
but we got a lot
riding on this,
not to mention a civilian
going into that compound.
We don't need backup.
I'm sending in backup.
Well, then keep it light.
Okay?
If Cortés' people even get
a whiff of FBI presence,
Thony will end up dead.
We'll be five miles
down the hill.
Easy to get to
if something goes wrong.
It won't.
Good.
I'm trusting you, Miller.
This is your redemption.
Ah.
And what's way better --
♪ A big fat,
sexy promotion ♪
[ Chuckles ] Well,
I'm happy to be of service.
Don't let yourself
get sidelined by Maya.
Alright.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Get up and get out.
The kitchen staff
will be here soon,
and I need to get
La Habana in order
without you
stinking up the place.
Aw, come on, Nadia, I don't
have anywhere else to go.
Stop playing the victim.
Please, I'm done.
I'm done being
played by you.
Nobody's playing you.
You could have told me what you
were doing with Robert --
reeling him in
to change the deal.
For what?
Yeah, when exactly
did you want me
to tell you that,
Nadia, huh?
Before or after you throw
all my things out the house?
Oh, come on, you never even
wanted to do business with him.
And now what?
Why are you doing this to me?
You're -- You're planning things
behind my back with her?
You're making me look like
a fool in front of everyone.
Yeah, because I'm done with him
making me look like one.
What I did
was for us, Nadia.
Can't you see that?
No.
No, I can't see it.
Giving Kamdar a percent
of that med deal
was way better than
what he was putting us through.
I'm sick of it.
I'm done.
I'm done watching him --
Watching what?
Watching him chase after you,
the jokes,
the job, that damn ring.
He didn't
give me this ring.
You did.
He's the one that put
it back on your finger.
And you let him.
Nadia, you're free of him.
You don't have to go back
to Sportsbook, ever.
You don't have to
pretend this is for me.
This is for you.
And for her.
Hm.
Nadia, what Kamdar's
involved in,
you've got to stay
far away from that.
If things go south,
I want you safe.
Well, my safety is not
your concern anymore.
Don't be here
when I come back.
♪♪
I think this is high-end
drug dealer, don't you think?
Hey.
What if I can't
make it, Fi?
I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
You'll make it work.
Okay? I know you will.
But what if this man
we're meeting sees through me?
He could kill us both.
He won't.
Think of how badass
you are
when you
step into surgery.
It's the same thing.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, don't think bout
being nervous.
Just -- Just own it.
I'm gonna make you
look the part,
so you can
feel the part.
Okay?
Now, put this on.
And I'll find you
some jewelry.
Thony: Thank you, Fi.
You got this.
♪♪
♪ Eye for an eye ♪
♪ Heart for a heart ♪
♪ Don't even try ♪
♪ I know what you are ♪
♪♪
♪ Tangled mess ♪
♪ The web that you weave ♪
♪ So obsessed ♪
♪ With what you can't see ♪
♪ Don't confess ♪
♪ You've already come clean ♪
♪ How does it feel? ♪
♪ Nothing is real ♪
Man: Check 'em.
♪♪
Clear.
Ah, glad you
found the place.
Julian Cortés.
Arman Morales.
And this is Thony.
Hi.
How about some drinks?
This shotgun wedding
that Kamdar arranged
feels a little rushed.
No?
Me, I at least like a date
before I jump into bed
with someone,
if you know what I mean.
We feel exactly
the same way.
Great.
Please.
So, what happened
with your last distributor?
He didn't have the resources
to handle our inventory.
But what drugs
can you get?
The kind that's cheap in Mexico
and sells for a fortune here.
Opiates, benzos,
other painkillers.
We're trying to boost
our inventory.
Any issues
with the border?
None.
I have a route that's been
secure for years.
Then I can see why
Kamdar wanted us to meet.
Look, the border
logistics are trickier
than they used to be.
I'm not gonna lie about that.
Still my distribution network
is solid in Vegas.
Kamdar knows it.
And I can always use
more product to move,
especially when mine
is stuck in Tijuana.
He wouldn't have put us
in touch otherwise.
I think
our needs match up.
You get the drugs here,
I'll get it to the people.
Yeah, excellent.
My guy is just
outside of Vegas.
I'll be in touch once
I reach those meds.
Yeah, not so fast.
She stays.
You can go
get the product.
Once you let me know
you have it,
I'll send you the location
for the drop.
When my man
confirms receipt,
I'll send this one
on her way with the funds.
♪♪
[ Rattling ]
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
[ Beeps ]
Jefferson.
Jefferson:
You see that?
What?
Morales is pulling out.
Yep, got him.
Wait.
Where's De La Rosa?
Thony's not with him?
Nope, he's flying solo.
He's left her there.
Or Cortés kept her
for some reason.
What the hell
are they doing?
Don't know,
but I'm gonna follow.
You?
Not going anywhere.
I'll let you know
if I get eyes on Thony.
[ Beeps ]
♪♪
[ Indistinct chatter ]
Where are you from?
Cambodia, originally.
But I lived in the Philippines
before coming here.
And how long are you
and Arman together?
Just a few months now.
But we're not together.
We're business partners.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
You could have
fooled me.
♪♪
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Ah.
My chef is almost done
preparing lunch.
Who knows how long it
will take Morales
to get everything
in place.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
Might be my son.
May I?
Sorry.
[ Line ringing ]
I'm afraid not.
Got to hear from my guy
that your guys landed
with the product.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
Shouldn't be long,
right?
No.
[ Line ringing ]
Come on, Thony, pick up.
Whoever's trying to
reach you can wait.
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
♪♪
[ Line ringing ]
[ Groans ]
Pick up, Thony!
[ Sighs ]
[ Beeps ]
Uh...
[ Line ringing ]
[ Knocking on door ]
Oh, my God,
thank God you're here.
Just tell me
what happened, Fi.
Chris' school called.
And he skipped class
in the morning, and then --
and then,
in the afternoon.
And I-I-I don't know
where he is,
and Thony has the van,
so I can't --
You tried
calling him, right?
Y-Yes, in the last hour,
and he isn't answering.
He is a teenager.
I know I skipped
a few classes in my time.
I thought he was
doing better.
What do you mean
better?
Fiona, what's really
going on here?
Come on, Fi, what aren't
you telling me?
You know you can
trust me.
That hasn't changed.
I know I can.
I just --
I just don't know
what to do anymore.
Fi...
It's -- It's Marco,
alright?
O-Okay.
Yeah, it -- it must
have been rough on Chris.
If you want me to talk
to him, we can --
No! No, you can't
talk to him,
because no one can know
what happened.
Hey, okay.
Come on, talk to me.
Please.
Okay, Marco took Luca,
and we all went to stop him.
And Marco got pissed, and he --
he -- he shoved Chris,
and Chris pushed back,
and he -- it wasn't his fault.
And the stairs were there,
and then --
and then Marco was gone
just like that.
I mean, it all happened
so fast, and...
♪♪
Oh.
Oh, Fi.
♪♪
[ Sobs ]
I'm so sorry you had
to go through this.
It's too much.
Hey, I know I haven't been
around much lately,
but I'm here now.
And not just for Jaz,
but for you, for Chris.
Where do you think
he might be?
What do you -- What do you
think he might be doing?
He's taken off
like this before.
And last night, a detective
came to the house, and --
and he was worried
that they'd figured it out.
And when I said I'd take
the blame, he got really upset.
Do you think he might have
turned himself in?
Oh, my God.
He's turning himself in.
JD, JD, he can't do that.
He's undocumented.
And even if they don't press
charges, they'll deport him.
Come on,
let's go find him.
♪♪
Hi. Uh, can I speak
to Detective Flores, please?
She's on a call.
Go ahead and sign in.
I'll let her know you're here
as soon as she's done.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
♪♪
[ Sirens wailing in distance ]
Hey, just stay
in the car, okay?
We need to
protect you, too.
No, no, what if
Chris needs me?
I should go in.
I got this, okay?
[ Siren wails ]
♪♪
Hey, buddy.
Let's go somewhere
and talk about this, alright?
Detective Flores?
Someone's here for you.
You shouldn't
have come, JD.
be involved in --
We can talk about it
when we get home, Chris.
But right now,
we have to go.
Okay?
Come on.
♪♪
You said there was
somebody here to see me?
Yeah, some kid, but...
He was just here.
Chris De La Rosa?
I know it's been
awful, Chris,
but you got to cut yourself
some slack.
Hey.
It was an accident.
You need to
forgive yourself.
What if --
What if I can't?
Well...
I'm sure there's a way
to live with that, too.
But you don't have to
do it alone.
We're here for you, okay?
If you want to talk,
you want to punch a bag,
just call me.
Alright?
Yeah.
Okay. Thanks.
[ Sighs ]
Here.
Mm, thanks.
Yeah.
What if we hadn't
gotten there on time,
if he told the police?
I can't lose him,
too, JD.
I know.
But he's safe now.
One day at a time, Fi.
Thanks for being there
for us today.
I'm glad I was able to.
[ Sighs ]
Back when we were together,
why didn't you tell me
that you and Chris
were undocumented?
You could have trusted me
with that.
You were shipping out
to Afghanistan.
I didn't want to
put that on you.
But I could have helped.
I would have --
What, proposed,
married me out of obligation?
I didn't want that.
Why do you assume that's
how it would have been?
Because we decided
we weren't
staying together
while you were gone.
But only because we didn't know
how long it would be.
JD, I wasn't gonna marry
a man who didn't love me.
Who said
I didn't love you?
I-I --
I did what I thought
was right at the time.
Except that you didn't give me
the chance to choose.
But now I'm here.
Now I can do something.
I can handle my family
on my own.
I've been handling things on
my own for a long time.
But you don't
have to anymore.
You're not
in this alone, Fi.
I want to help.
Let me help.
[ Dance music playing ]
♪♪
Are you here
to say goodbye?
No, actually, I want
to stay at FastLane,
working the floor
as I have been.
That's not the deal
Arman made.
Arman does not
speak for me.
I'm here to make
my own deal.
I'm gonna work here and make
commission on every bet
I increase.
Very well.
I'm happy to keep you
on the schedule.
No.
I'll make
my own schedule.
I need to spend time
at La Habana.
I won't let years
of hard work
building that place
go down the drain.
One day, La Habana
will be mine.
La Habana
should be yours.
For now, they're lucky
to have you.
As am I.
In whatever capacity
you see fit.
♪♪
It does look
lovely on you.
Thank you.
♪♪
[ Line ringing ]
Hey, we got a real problem.
Maya just joined the party.
I thought you
took care of that.
I did, but Thony wasn't
supposed to stay behind.
This is not good.
Russo, I'm going in.
Miller, no, you don't make
a move without backup.
Let me mobilize,
and I'll get back to you.
We can't wait.
If Maya blows Thony's cover,
they're both dead.
Stand down, Miller.
That's an order.
Don't you --
[ Beeps ]
Garrett?
Everyone, get ready to roll!
Looks like we're moving in.
Alright,
boys, mount up.
♪♪
Something wrong?
Like I said,
I-I'm not very hungry.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
Oh, I, uh,
have to take this.
Excuse me.
Of course.
Talk to me.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
♪♪
[ Whispering ] What the hell
are you doing here?
It has nothing
to do with you.
I'm making a deal with Cortés
for pharmaceuticals.
It's a load of crap.
He doesn't deal
in pharmaceuticals.
He does now.
Where's Garrett?
Are you both crazy?
You're gonna get us killed.
[ Normal voice ]
Let me freshen your drink.
Look, I don't know what kind
of game you're playing,
but it's over if Julian realizes
who you really are.
He's gonna hurt you.
Badly.
Just like that?
Listen.
We don't really know
each other, Maya,
but I can see
you're in trouble.
And you don't have
to live this way.
You can get out.
How?
Garrett?
Yeah, he cares about you.
He wants to help.
He really has you fooled,
doesn't he?
Let me cut to the chase.
No matter how good the sex is,
next morning,
Garrett's only gonna be
about Garrett.
What? He didn't
tell you about us?
Yeah.
He's already lying to you.
We're not involved.
Maya, I know he's done
terrible things.
I know.
But he's done
good things, too.
When my son was missing,
he dropped everything
to help me.
So I know he means it when
he says he wants to help you.
Well, I don't
need his help.
I'm fine.
You live every day
in fear of Cortés.
You can't be happy.
You don't know anything.
You're probably a liar, too,
just like him.
Maya, I was with someone
who hurt me, too --
my husband.
Not physically,
but in other ways.
You were so strong,
you left.
Congratulations.
Cortés: Huh.
I would introduce you,
but, uh,
seems you already know
each other.
[ Grunting ]
When were you gonna tell me
you're dealing
pharmaceuticals now?
I just had to find out
through her.
This is all just
happening now, so --
[ Door opens ]
Man: Boss.
What?
We got a man down
in the courtyard.
We've been breached.
Well, go!
What the hell is this?!
I don't know.
Who the hell are you?
Stop it!
Shut up!
Do your thing.
I got her.
You don't have
to do this.
Please. Please.
She moves, you end her.
Mm-hmm.
Maya.
Maya, calm down, okay?
We have to go.
Now.
Down the hall, and turn right
to the service entrance.
Okay. You're not coming?
Just go. I'll say you
grabbed the gun and --
No, no, no, no, no,
you're coming with me.
I'm not leaving
you here.
[ Gunshot ]
Maya, please.
Please.
Cortés: Maya?
What is this?
Maya, come on,
put the gun down.
You're shaking.
You don't want
to hurt me.
Just like you don't want
to hurt me?
But you still keep doing it?
Come on, don't talk
like that, baby.
You know
we love each other.
The way he treats you,
it's not love.
That's what
this is all about?
This bitch filling
your head with ideas?
No, it has nothing
to do with her.
It's over, Julian.
Just let me go.
Go where?
You had no one
when I found you.
I am the only one
who's ever cared for you.
Look, I am sorry
that I hurt you.
I told you, when you talk
to other men, it just --
it makes me crazy
because I love you.
Let's just make it up
to each other.
We'll go away,
just the two of us.
Huh?
We'll fix this.
Please, just stop.
[ Gunshot ]
Ah!
[ Gasps ]
Maya?
He didn't have a gun.
I-I couldn't
let him get to you.
♪♪
[ Vehicle approaching ]
Man: On the ground now!
FBI!
Drop 'em!
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Julian Cortés, I take it?
Yeah.
He was going to kill us.
Garrett saved us.
♪♪